All right guys so we're going to jump back into our SAS sandbox.
Now remember we have the the SAS script the NPM script so I'm going to run NPM run SAS.
We're going to want to run that when we're in development and then in our index each team l let's open
that with a live server.
OK.
And it should be blue if you've been following along.
And if I go ahead and into my SAS main dot SPSS and they change this to let's say black and save it'll
it'll reload automatically.
All right.
But I want to set that back to blue now variables.
I mean you can see how they're used.
We use a money sign to define a variable and then we simply use a colon for assignment and then whatever
the value goes in here.
OK.
So it could be a color it could be absolutely anything just just like with standard CFS variables.
So I think what we'll do here is just create a couple different ones.
Let's do primary dash color set to steel blue.
We're going to just create kind of a simple interface to to work with for the next few lectures.
So we'll do secondary dash color and we'll set that to Sky Blue and let's do a light color
and a dark color.
OK.
So as far as this CSX here for now I'm just going to add a reset.
So say margin
padding 0 and then let's just add some stuff for the body.
So the background I'm going to set to the white color
in color.
I'm going to set to for now I'll just set to the dark color and then for font family
we can do aerial.
Actually know what we'll do is we'll take this and we'll put this in a variable called font stack
just in case we want to change that.
It's right up here.
Easily accessible so we'll set that to font stack.
OK.
And then let's just set a line height.
It's completely up to you guys what you want to put in variables in your projects and what you don't.
I try to keep them a minimal amount.
Usually things that are gonna be you know use quite a bit in different places but yes.
So that's how we can set variables I'll go ahead and save that.
Now we also have what are called partials.
OK.
So a lot of times the SAS you break your CSX up a lot more.
For instance if you use bootstrap which is a CSX framework and you use SAS every element like the button's
the nav bar they all have their own separate partial file with just those styles so you can really break
it out.
Now you can import these partials into a CSX and to a SAS file and it's important to mention you can
do this with regular CSX.
However it works differently.
You make you you have to keep making extra HDP requests to the server to fetch these the regular CSX
files with SAS it just kinda takes them and builds them on top of each other.
All right.
So it's just much more efficient using SAS partials.
So in our SPSS I'm going to create a new file and I'm going to call it underscore variables dot SPSS.
So this is a partial where I want to store all my variables.
Now notice I put an underscore the reason for that is this tells the SAS compiler that this is a partial
and I don't want this file to be compiled.
I don't want a variables dot c SS file in my main in my CSF folder I still we still want to keep just
one file here.
However we want to split it up here so I'm going to take all my variables here and cut them out and
I'm going to put them into variables dot CSX and save that.
Now if I go back here and I save we're gonna get some errors down here.
It's another good thing about SAS is it gives you errors and tells you what's going on so this is basically
telling us we have undefined variables.
So in order to use the variables in the partial we have to import the files.
So we're gonna go up here we're gonna say at import and we want to import variables.
You don't want to put the actual underscore the underline you also don't have to put dot SPSS just simply
variables.
All right.
And then I'll go ahead and save that.
And now that's working again.
If I go to variables and change light color to red just to show you and I say actually you know what
we'll have to restart SAS down here just because we created a new file.
So let's run that.
And now if we save this now it turns to red.
All right.
So I'm just gonna put that back
and save.
Good.
So you can see we can structure our SAS however you want and notice that it didn't create a variables
dot CSX because it is a partial.
If I left that underscore off then it would have compiled this whole file into the CSX folder and we
don't want that.
We just want this single main dot CSX.
And notice it's using the light gray that we set in the variable.
And you never want to touch the CSX that that gets compiled from SAS.
All right.
So in the next video what I want to do is finish up our index each team also can get some markup in
here.
And we're also going to look at nesting in structure within SAS which is very important and in a really
nice advantage of using SAS.